Cover gitignored env files in docs and examples (#2298)
vercel/turbo: docs/pages/docs/core-concepts/caching.mdx

the values of environment variables:

- Including environment variables in the `env` key in your `pipeline` definition will impact the cache fingerprint on a per-task or per-workspace-task basis.

> - Including any gitignored environment files that are read by tasks in `globalDependencies`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Including any git-ignored environment files that are read by tasks in `globalDependencies`.
```

Author: I tried to match the format used here, although `git-ignored` does make more sense to me.

<img width="558" alt="Screen Shot 2022-11-17 at 4 53 54 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1154586/202584789-c01a5edb-ee31-42df-b163-66b603448927.png">

Reviewer: ah, feel free to ignore my suggestion then :). I thought we were using hyphenated in other places, but maybe I was remembering `non-gitignored`

Author: Oh, I just changed it to `non-git-ignored` 😆 Should I change it back?

Author: The file is `.gitignore` so I could see arguments for both 🤷

}
```

`turbo`, having calculated a task hash prior to invoking the `build` script, will be unable to discover the `NEXT_PUBLIC_GA_ID=UA-00000000-0` environment variable and thus unable to partition the cache based upon that.

> When possible, be careful to ensure that all of your environment variables are configured prior to invoking `turbo`!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be careful to ensure that all of your environment variables are configured prior to invoking `turbo`!
```

> That may not be possible if tasks read environment variables from gitignored files like `.env.local` using a tool like `dotenv`. This is common when building apps like [Next.js][1] or [Create React App][2] that rely on secrets in environment variables. `turbo` will not partition the cache based on the values in these gitignored files. In this case, use a glob pattern to match these files with `globalDependencies`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That may not be possible if tasks read environment variables from git-ignored files like `.env.local` using a tool like `dotenv`. This is common when building apps like [Next.js][1] or [Create React App][2] that rely on secrets in environment variables. `turbo` will not partition the cache based on the values in these git-ignored files. In this case, use a glob pattern to match these files with `globalDependencies`.
```

Reviewer: can ignore this
